feat: address management (#612)
libp2p/js-libp2p: doc/API.md

const latency = await libp2p.ping(otherPeerId)
```

## multiaddrs

> Get peer advertising multiaddrs. This computes the advertising multiaddrs of the peer by
> joining the multiaddrs that libp2p transports are listening on with the announce multiaddrs
> provided in hte libp2p config. No announce multiaddrs will be filtered out, even when
> using random ports in the provided multiaddrs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets the multiaddrs the libp2p node announces to the network. This computes the advertising multiaddrs 
of the peer by joining the multiaddrs that libp2p transports are listening on with the announce multiaddrs
provided in the libp2p config. Configured no announce multiaddrs will be filtered out of the advertised addresses.
```

```

### addressManager.getAnnounceAddrs

Get the multiaddrs that were provided to announce to the network.

`libp2p.addressManager.getAnnounceAddrs()`

#### Returns

| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `Array<Multiaddr>` | Provided announce multiaddrs |

#### Example

```js
// ...
const announceMa = libp2p.addressManager.getAnnounceAddrs()
// [ <Multiaddr 047f00000106f9ba - /dns4/peer.io/...> ]
```

### addressManager.getNoAnnounceAddrs

Get the multiaddrs that were provided to not announce to the network.

`libp2p.addressManager.getNoAnnounceAddrs()`

#### Returns

| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `Array<Multiaddr>` | Provided noAnnounce multiaddrs |

#### Example

```js
// ...
const noAnnounceMa = libp2p.addressManager.getNoAnnounceAddrs()
// [ <Multiaddr 047f00000106f9ba - /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/63930> ]
```

### transportManager.getAddrs

Get the multiaddrs that libp2p transports are using to listen on.

`libp2p.transportManager.getAddrs()`

#### Returns

| Type | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `Array<Multiaddr>` | listening multiaddrs |

#### Example

```js
// ...
const listenMa = libp2p.transportManager.getAddrs()

> // [ <Multiaddr 047f00000106f9ba - /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/63930> ]

Reviewer: Missing the closing "```" which is why the formatting below is off
